.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\"
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 1999 Tim Martin
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\"
.\"
.TH sasl_callbacks "26 March 2000" SASL "SASL man pages"
.SH NAME
sasl_callbacks \- How to work with SASL callbacks

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sasl/sasl.h>

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION

.B sasl_callbacks
are used when the application needs some information from the
application. Common reasons are getting for getting usernames and
passwords. A client MUST specify what callbacks they support in the
sasl_client/server_init() or sasl_client/server_new() calls. If an
authentication mechanism needs a callback that the application does
not state it supports it cannot be used. 

If a callback has an
.B id
parameter that should be checked to make sure you are giving the appropriate value.

If an application is using the client side of the library functions to handle the callbacks are not necessary. Instead the application may deal with callbacks via SASL_INTERACT's. See sasl_client_start/step() for more information.

The list of callbacks follows:

.SH Common Callbacks
.TP 0.8i
sasl_getopt_t
Get an option value
.TP 0.8i
sasl_log_t
Log message handler
.TP 0.8i
sasl_getpath_t
Get path to search for mechanisms
.TP 0.8i
sasl_verifyfile_t
Verify files for use by SASL
.TP 0.8i
sasl_canon_user_t
Username canonicalization function.

.SH Client-only Callbacks
.TP 0.8i
sasl_getsimple_t
Get user/language list
.TP 0.8i
sasl_getsecret_t
Get authentication secret
.TP 0.8i
sasl_chalprompt_t
Display challenge and prompt for response
.TP 0.8i
sasl_getrealm_t
Get the realm for authentication

.SH Server-only Callbacks
.TP 0.8i
sasl_authorize_t
Authorize policy callback
.TP 0.8i
sasl_server_userdb_checkpass_t
verify plaintext password
.TP 0.8i
sasl_server_userdb_setpass_t
set plaintext password

.SH "RETURN VALUE"

SASL callback functions should return SASL return codes. See sasl.h for a complete list. SASL_OK typically indicates success.

.SH "CONFORMING TO"
RFC 2222

.SH "SEE ALSO"
sasl(3), sasl_errors(3), sasl_authorize_t(3), sasl_log_t(3), sasl_getpath_t(3),
sasl_verifyfile_t(3), sasl_canon_user_t(3), sasl_getsimple(3),
sasl_getsecret_t(3), sasl_chalprompt_t(3), sasl_getrealm_t(3),
sasl_authorize_t(3), sasl_server_userdb_checkpass_t(3),
sasl_server_userdb_setpass_t(3)
