.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\"
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 1999 Tim Martin
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\"
.\"
.TH sasl_getprop "26 March 2000" SASL "SASL man pages"
.SH NAME
sasl_getprop \- Get a SASL property


.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sasl/sasl.h>

.sp
.BI "int sasl_getprop(sasl_conn_t " *conn ", "
.BI "			 int " propnum ", " 
.BI "			 const void ** " pvalue ");"  

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION

.B sasl_getprop
gets the value of a SASL property. For example after successful
authentication a server may wish to know the authorization name. Or a
client application may wish to know the strength of the negotiated
security layer.

.I conn
is the SASL connection object.
.I propnum
is the identifier for the property requested and
.I pvalue
is filled in on success. List of properties follows:

.nf
SASL_USERNAME     -  pointer to NUL terminated user name 
SASL_SSF          -  security layer security strength factor,
                     if 0, call to sasl_encode, sasl_decode unnecessary
SASL_MAXOUTBUF    -  security layer max output buf unsigned 
SASL_DEFUSERREALM -  server authentication realm used 
SASL_GETOPTCTX    -  context for getopt callback 
SASL_IPLOCALPORT  -  local address string
SASL_IPREMOTEPORT -  remote address string
SASL_SERVICE      -  service passed to sasl_*_new
SASL_SERVERFQDN   -  serverFQDN passed to sasl_*_new
SASL_AUTHSOURCE   -  name of auth source last used, useful for failed
                     authentication tracking
SASL_MECHNAME     -  active mechanism name, if any
SASL_PLUGERR      -  similar to sasl_errdetail
.fi

.PP

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns SASL_OK on success. SASL error code on failure.

.SH "CONFORMING TO"
RFC 2222
.SH "SEE ALSO"
sasl(3), sasl_errors(3), sasl_server_new(3), sasl_client_new(3)
