.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\"
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 1999 Tim Martin
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\"
.\"
.TH sasl_encode "26 March 2000" SASL "SASL man pages"
.SH NAME
sasl_encode \- Encode data for transport to authenticated host


.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sasl/sasl.h>

.sp
.BI "int sasl_encode(sasl_conn_t " *conn ", "
.BI "		     const char * " input ", " 
.BI "	             unsigned " inputlen ", " 
.BI "		     const char ** " output ", " 
.BI "		     unsigned * " outputlen ");"  

.BI "int sasl_encodev(sasl_conn_t " *conn ", "
.BI "		     const struct iovec * " invec ", " 
.BI "	             unsigned " numiov ", " 
.BI "		     const char ** " output ", " 
.BI "		     unsigned * " outputlen ");"  

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION

.B sasl_encode
encodes data to be sent to be sent to a remote host who we've had a successful authentication session with. If there is a negotiated security the data in signed/encrypted and the output should be sent without modification to the remote host. If there is no security layer the output is identical to the input.

.B sasl_encodev
does the same, but for a struct iovec instead of a character buffer.

.I output
contains the encoded data and is allocated/freed by the library.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
Returns SASL_OK on success.  See sasl_errors(3) for meanings of other return
codes.

.SH "CONFORMING TO"
RFC 2222
.SH "SEE ALSO"
sasl(3), sasl_errors(3), sasl_decode(3)