.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\"
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 1999 Tim Martin
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\"
.\"
.TH sasl_getsimple_t "26 March 2000" SASL "SASL man pages"
.SH NAME
sasl_getsimple_t \- The SASL callback for username/authname/realm


.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sasl/sasl.h>

.sp
.BI "int sasl_getsimple_t(void " *context ", "
.BI "		          int " id ", "
.BI "		          const char ** " result ", "
.BI "		          unsigned * " len ")";

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION

.B sasl_getsimple_t
is used to retrieve simple things from the application. In practice this is authentication name, authorization name, and realm. The
.BI id
parameter indicates which value is being requested.
Possible values include:

.nf
SASL_CB_USER     - Client user identity to login as
SASL_CB_AUTHNAME - Client authentication name
SASL_CB_LANGUAGE - Comma-separated list of RFC 1766 languages
SASL_CB_CNONCE   - Client-nonce (for testing mostly)
.fi

.PP

.SH "RETURN VALUE"

SASL callback functions should return SASL return codes. See sasl.h for a complete list. SASL_OK indicates success.

.SH "CONFORMING TO"
RFC 2222
.SH "SEE ALSO"
sasl(3), sasl_callbacks(3), sasl_errors(3)