.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\"
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 1999 Tim Martin
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\"
.\"
.TH sasl_chalprompt_t "26 March 2000" SASL "SASL man pages"
.SH NAME
sasl_chalprompt_t \- Realm Acquisition Callback

.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sasl/sasl.h>

.sp
.BI "int sasl_chalprompt_t(void " *context ", int " id ", "
.BI "			   const char " *challenge ","
.BI "                      const char " *prompt ", const char " *defresult ","
.BI "                      const char " **result ", unsigned " *len ")"

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION

.B sasl_chalprompt_t
is used to prompt for input in response to a server challenge.

.I context
context from the callback record

.I id
callback id (either SASL_CB_ECHOPROMPT or SASL_CB_NOECHOPROMPT)

.I challenge
the server's challenge

.I prompt
A prompt for the user

.I defresult
Default result (may be NULL)

.I result
The user's response (a NUL terminated string)

.I len
Length of the user's response.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
SASL callback functions should return SASL return codes. See sasl.h for a complete list. SASL_OK indicates success.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
sasl(3), sasl_callbacks(3)