.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\"
.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 1999 Tim Martin
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\"
.\"
.TH sasl_authorize_t "26 March 2000" SASL "SASL man pages"
.SH NAME
sasl_verifyfile_t \- The SASL file verification


.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B #include <sasl/sasl.h>

.sp
.BI "typedef enum {"
    SASL_VRFY_PLUGIN, /* a DLL/shared library plugin */
    SASL_VRFY_CONF,   /* a configuration file */
    SASL_VRFY_PASSWD, /* a password storage file */
    SASL_VRFY_OTHER   /* some other file type */
.BI "} sasl_verify_type_t"

.BI "int sasl_verifyfile_t(void " *context ", "
.BI "			   const char " *file ","
.BI "                      sasl_verify_type_t " type ")"

.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION

.B sasl_verifyfile_t
is used to check whether a given file is okay for use by the SASL library.
this is intended to allow applications to sanity check the enviornment to
ensure that plugins or the config file cannot be written to, etc.

.I context
context from the callback record

.I file
full path of the file to verify

.I type
type of the file.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
SASL callback functions should return SASL return codes. See sasl.h for a complete list. SASL_OK indicates success.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
sasl(3), sasl_callbacks(3)